{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi300\ri0\sb100\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs27 \cf0 Manifesto on Poetic Eggs\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi300\ri0\sb100\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 1.1 Success \'97 said the Narrator \'97 is the first poetic egg. Success and money. I don\'92t worship you or respect you in the slightest \'97 said Mariquita Samper. Your eggs aren\'92t poetic eggs. Your briefcase and plastic smile don\'92t fool me. A pack of police dogs should rip you to shreds. I object \'97 said Uriberto Eisensweig. I object \'97 said the Narrator. You\'92ve just laid a poetic egg. This wasn\'92t written in the official script. But it\'92s written in my heart \'97 said Mariquita. \
1.2 Do you think you fool me? If you want to cash in on a novel, look for one of those cheap novelists who go around selling my dreams and poetic fantasies for big bucks. I wasn\'92t born to be your puppet. I\'92m not here to make you wealthy with lies. I was born to tell the truth. All this cock-and-bull that novelists like you have told \'97 stupid Narrator \'97 has nothing to do with what really happens at the margins of existence. What about the crazy old bag lady in Central Park who digs through garbage cans looking for food? No one mentions her. Who the hell cares about Montse and Brian? Who gives a damn about your\'a0
\i Intimate Diary of Solitude
\i0 ? \
1.3 I\'92m happy to say, nobody gives a damn. But it worries me that Little Orphan Mariquita should be paid a million bucks for telling her asinine official story. It\'92s about time I flushed all this shit you\'92ve made me write. I\'92m not egocentric, you know. It\'92s easy to recognize egocentric writers like you, Narrator. The first thing they do is establish \'93how-to\'94 doctrines. What they\'92re really after is power. Power and money. And they have a very strange way of looking at me, Mariquita Samper. They minimize life and the world. They\'92re not lyricists or bohemians. They\'92re propagandists, pushing pamphlets and doctrines. What\'92s the matter? You didn\'92t expect a Macy\'92s makeup artist to say these things? Subversive? I\'92ll always be subversive because the subversive always speaks the truth. \
2.1 What chapter were we on, Narrator? Read it all back to me to fulfill your literary ambitions. How much is missing from the chapter on poetic eggs to satisfy idiots like you? How many pounds of makeup must I put on to fool life? And, for the record, I am free. I chose to be a Macy\'92s makeup artist. I love to smear my face with lies because the more pounds of makeup, the more life weighs, and the more revolutionaries like me will write revolutions and manifestos on poetic eggs. \
2.2 I flash my gold tooth again. And lie down to sleep. But I\'92m immediately awakened by solitude. \
2.3 Dear Narrator, your diary has me locked up in this solitude that says nothing of the intimate reality of life. Have you seen how black people dance in New York City? Their dance is like the dance of love. All I need is love. Love. Love. \
3.1 On the other hand, I maintain the form of poetic discourses and novels, but I\'92m introducing a subversive element. This subversive element is my heart, which contains a little golden worm that never lets me sleep peacefully and always tells me, \'93Mariquita, always walk to the left. But don\'92t go so far as to lose sight of my heart\'92s dance.\'94 After trudging through the city streets and watching all the lies, I go home at the end of a day of deep solitude and write the\'a0
\i Manifesto on Poetic Eggs. 
\i0 There go the drooling writers and pamphleteers. Of course they make money. Of course they eat well. They talk with their tongues hanging out, just like you, stupid Narrator. \
3.2 Boom! Boom! He\'92s dead. He\'92s dead. Mariquita has killed the Narrator. Revolution in\'a0
\i The Intimate Diary of Solitude
\i0 . He\'92s dead. He\'92s dead. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi300\ri-2569\sb100\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 3.3 But he\'92s not dead. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi300\ri0\sb100\sa100\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4.1 He has just told me that he doesn\'92t like aggressive women like me. He has just told me that there\'92s too much resentment in my words. And he has just told me that I also say, \'93Boom! Boom!\'94 and don\'92t kill anybody. After all, I\'92m not a feminist. I don\'92t have to be a feminist to call myself Mariquita Samper. I\'92m sustained by my name and my person. \
4.2 I\'92m an egg and nothing more. \
4.3 When I go home at the end of the day, they tell me that I\'92ve insulted my mother\'92s memory. When I was a child writing poems and pitching them into the basket, my mother would say, \'93Mariquita, don\'92t throw away what you write. Have some respect for yourself.\'94 She was right even though she was wrong. My mother wrote piles of shit and thought all of it deserved the name Berta Singerman. Her self-esteem overstepped the boundaries of fantasy. Berta thought she was more important than what she wrote. Her queen-bee attitude said it all. She never dreamed Mariquita would make fun of her. It never occurred to her that Mariquita lacked self-respect because she had so much respect for the writing of mankind and life. \
5.1 I don\'92t matter. I\'92m just a machine writing the world and life. What matters is the\'a0
\i Manifesto on Poetic Eggs.
\i0 \'a0And this manifesto is anonymous. It was written by rain, wind, blood, and pain. It was written by Mariquita\'92s gold tooth. Her red freckles and red hair are more important than Mariquita Samper. \
5.2 You just don\'92t matter, Narrator. To quote your poster, \'93Making money is turning solitude into a diary. In other words, it\'92s shit.\'94 A golden bird in my heart dictated these prophetic words. I read them before you in this conference of absent writers of New York. This is all bullshit. And I denounce it. I won\'92t be taken for a fool. I\'92ve been playing Mariquita Samper for too long. I quit! I\'92m leaving\'a0
\i The Intimate Diary of Solitude
\i0 \'a0forever. When I smile my Mariquita-smile, they say \'97 How pleasant she is! She is truly the Queen of Beauty, Charm, and Coquetry \'97 but now that I\'92m writing the\'a0
\i Manifesto on Poetic Eggs
\i0 , Oh! Oh!\'a0\'97 they say \'97 Watch out! Beware! Her eggs must be destroyed! They\'92re eggs \'97 they say. They\'92re eggs. They\'92re not poems. Not novels. Not plays. Not masterpieces. We must yank out her gold tooth. We must dislodge her freckles and cut off her red hair. No! Shitty lecturers, you won\'92t destroy me! \
5.3 Mariquita ran away with her poster and her\'a0
\i Manifesto on Poetic Eggs
\i0 \'a0after dictating a death sentence to all the lecturers, writers, and novelists who had written\'a0
\i The Intimate Diary of Solitude
\i0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}